DIGBY: I'm Digby Ernest Webster,
I am an artist.
(UPLIFTING GUITAR MUSIC)
I will tell you something about Manu.
I just like when he comes to hang out with me
as a mate, he's a good person to know.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
I just love that painting I've just done.
It's got Manu's kindness.
Everything about him is a heart of gold.
Manu, I just finished the portrait of the
handsome man himself.
So I did a portrait of a friend.
His name's Neil,
and he did a portrait of me too.
And we got together,
put my painting and his painting together as one,
and entered it to the Archibald Prize.
And they say...
Your painting is in the room of 55 finalists!
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
I cannot believe I am up in this room with these guys,
and they are very supportive.
My partner, she came here,
she saw this,
and she voted for me in the People's Choice award.
My work is a bit different in a way
because, you see, I've got a face,
with a plain background on the back.
I never do plain backgrounds, because I do it with crayons,
I just do circling or lines with crayons.
In paintings, it's really different,
like, I just do this kind of background,
and I put this figure in with his poncho.
And he do the same thing with me over here,
see, he's just mixing up colours,
because he...
This is his first time doing a portrait.
He's known as a landscape artist.
Right now, I am learning to do landscapes at the moment.
I'm going in the other direction than him.
Why I do art?
Well, art is very a special thing to have in your body,
to express.
I just want to be a person who shows people with disability
how they follow their footsteps, how they fulfil their dreams.
By making movies, art, or dance....
or anything else...
Just make it.